---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Meeting on April 07, 2009
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Drive in Kanata.<BR>
       <BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>



	<table>
  	<tr>
   		<th>Name</th>
	   	<th>Call Sign</th>
	   	<th>Position</th>
	 	<th>MH Grid</th>
		<th>RAC</th>
		<th>WCARC</th>
  	</tr>

		<TR>
<TD>Paul Mazzolin</TD>
<TD>ROB'S SON</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>None</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Barney Baker</TD>
<TD>VA3BGB</TD>
<TD>Secretary</TD>
<TD>FN25ai</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Dean Denter</TD>
<TD>VA3CDD</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15wl</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>J. P. Gendron</TD>
<TD>VA3JPG</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>None</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Ken Asmus</TD>
<TD>VA3KA</TD>
<TD>Treasurer</TD>
<TD>FN15wg</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Peter Jago</TD>
<TD>VA3PJ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Stan Madore</TD>
<TD>VA3SMM</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15vz</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Valentin Doroga</TD>
<TD>VA3WO</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25ci</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Bert Zauhar</TD>
<TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25bk</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Graham Ide</TD>
<TD>VE3BYT</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25ch</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Tom Bartello</TD>
<TD>VE3ELM</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15wg</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Rob Mazzolin</TD>
<TD>VE3IVT</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>None</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Dave Conn</TD>
<TD>VE3KL</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25bh</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Stephen Mayne</TD>
<TD>VE3LWX</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>None</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Bill Brown</TD>
<TD>VE3NNQ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN14pa</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Andy Hart</TD>
<TD>VE3NVK</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25bh</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Brian Jeffrey</TD>
<TD>VE3UU</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Doug Leach</TD>
<TD>VE3XK</TD>
<TD>VicePresident</TD>
<TD>FN15wg</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Al Penney</TD>
<TD>VO1NO</TD>
<TD>President</TD>
<TD>FN24cw</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>


	</table>

<br><br>


<Strong>Opening:</strong><br><br>
   The meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours.
<br><br>
Al welcomed the guests to the meeting and asked them to introduce themselves after which the members did the same.<BR><BR>

<!--Secretary-->
   <Strong>Secretary's Report:</Strong>
   <br><br>
Al VO1NO requested amendment of the March meeting minutes to conform with requirements of the constitution. The March meeting secretary's report to read "Secretary Barney Baker(VA3BGB) introduced the minutes of the previous meeting. Moved by Rick Bandla(VE3CVG) that the previous minutes (note by webmaster: this is referring to Februrary minutes) as published on the web pages be approved. Seconded by Graham Ide (VE3BYT)". Al moved the March minutes be amended, seconded by Stan (VA3SMM), approved.<br><br>Secretary Barney Baker(VA3BGB) introduced the amended minutes of the previous meeting and requested they be approved as amended. Seconded by Brian (VE3UU), approved.
<br><br>

<!--SecretaryEnd-->

<!--Treasurer-->
   <Strong>Treasurer's Report:</Strong>
<br><br>

Treasurer Ken Asmus (VA3KA) reported that with dues received this meeting there is an estimated $850.00 in the account, with 25 paid up members.<BR><BR>

<!--TreasurerEnd-->

<!--VicePresident-->
   <Strong>VicePresident's Report</Strong>
   <br><br>
VicePresident Doug Leach (VE3XK) had no report.<BR><BR>

<!--VicePresidentEnd-->


<Strong>Old Business:</Strong>
<br><br>
        Al Penny (VO1NO) briefed members on the two outstanding debts incurred during the beacon project. Doug Leach (VE3XK) moved that the debt incurred by Al (VO1NO) be paid. Seconded by Graham Ide (VE3BYT) and approved. Al Penny requested that that payment be held to be paid at a later date when club funds could be confirmed to be adequate.<BR><BR>


<Strong>New Business:</Strong>
<br><br>
Doug Leach briefed members on the costs of the 6M beacon which he had personnally incurred. Andy Hart (VE3NVK) moved that the sum of $347.94 be paid to Doug in compenstion. Seconded by Tom Bartello (VE3ELM), approved. Ken Asmus provided a cheque to Doug for that sum.<br><br>Ken mentioned that the club will have a table at the Smiths Falls Ham Fest.<br><br>Al (VO1NO) informed attendees that the May meeting would start at 2000Hrs (8PM) and the June meeting would be in a different location as this location was already booked by others. Brian Jeffrey (VE3UU) mentioned that the Diefenbunker could be used for that purpose.<BR><BR>


<Strong>Reports:</Strong>
<br><br>
        <U>Beacons</U><br><br>Doug (VE3XK) briefed attendees on the problems encountered with the beacon antennas, described the actions taken and informed all that the beacons were returned to full operation.<br><br><U>June Grid Expedition</U><br><br>Al (VO1NO) will visit the FN04xa site owner and confirm that the use of this location is approved for this year. The team will leave on the 12th of June for setup to begin operation at noon the 13th June. Tear down to commence after noon on the 14th followed by the return to homes. <br><br><U>D-STAR</U><br><br>Ken VA3KA informed attendees that the system is in full operation with improved interconnections.<br><br><U>Repeaters</U><br><br>Doug VE3XK described the requirement to get more activity onto the club's 2M repeater, 147.24. Bert VE2ZAZ mentioned that he would be on that repeater prior to each SSB net.<br><br>Graham (VE3BYT) informed all that the SLVRC would be meeting in Brockville on the 25th of April. Al will check with Dale (VE3XZT) to find if he is able to attend.<br><br><U>Upcoming Events</U><br><br>Al informed the meeting of numerous upcoming radio contests and flea markets. See the Events tab on this website for several interesting items.<br><br>


<Strong>Presentation(s)/Activity:</Strong>
<br><br>
Al (VO1NO) introduced David Conn (VE3KL) who provided a detailed description of Arie Voors' NEC2 antenna Modeling software. The NEC2 application was shown to be a very powerful antenna simulator with a complexity which may not be undertood by beginners. Thank you David for a very interesting presentation.<br><br>


<Strong>Adjournment:</Strong>
<br><br>
The President Al Penney(VO1NO) stated that there being no further business, the meeting would be adjourned.
The meeting was closed at 22:10 hours.
